some of the problems that I try to solve at my level. Our personal problems,
maybe family concerns. Um Ah. Professional concerns, for example.
Training. Where do I go now? Where would I go next in my career?
But other things like, uh, Sapper, um, that would include a victims
advocate. Um, suicide, obviously. That would include a medical care
provider. Domestic violence. Um, that would include a a family advocacy
person. Um, racism, um, equal opportunity. That would involve
the command Equal opportunity officer. Uh, Cemil, Um, while there are
certain things that I can handle at my level, there are most important
things you have to involve, um, someone that has a little bit mawr,
uh, involvement in those situation. It's very important. Thio share
those resource is with your sailors or your team when they are
going through certain things, okay?